docs: rewrite variants documentation (#1878)
rauc/rauc: docs/advanced.rst

This can be done by setting exactly one of the following keys:
``variant-dtb``, ``variant-file`` or ``variant-name``,
or by providing the variant dynamically via the ``system-info``
:ref:`handler <sec_ref_handlers>`.

.. rubric:: Using the Device Tree (``variant-dtb``)

.. code-block:: cfg

  [system]
  ...
  variant-dtb=true

When ``variant-dtb`` is enabled, RAUC uses the first ``compatible`` string from
the device tree as the board variant.

.. rubric:: Using a File (``variant-file``)

.. code-block:: cfg

  [system]
  ...
  variant-file=/path/to/file

The ``variant-file`` option specifies a file whose content defines the
variant name.
The content of the file needs to be a simple string without any line breaks.
Typical use cases include:

- Generating the file at system startup (for example in ``/run``) using
  information obtained from the bootloader.
- Preserving the variant across updates via a RAUC post-install hook that
  copies the file from the old system to the updated one.

.. rubric:: Using a Fixed Name (``variant-name``)

.. code-block:: cfg

  [system]
  ...
  variant-name=myvariant-name

This option directly defines the variant in ``system.conf``.

> It is primarily intended for testing, as it prevents using a single generic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is primarily intended for testing, as it is incompatible with using a single generic
```

root filesystem image across multiple hardware variants.

.. rubric:: Using the ``system-info`` Handler

> The ``system-info`` handler can return the device variant at runtime (by setting

Reviewer: Vielleicht
```suggestion
The ``system-info`` handler can return the device variant at runtime (by printing
```
?
